h2. Twitter Bootstrap

Bootstrap is included via a git submodule. When first checking out this project
you must run:

@git submodule add https://github.com/twitter/bootstrap.git src/main/javascript/js/bootstrap
git submodule init
git add src/main/javascript/js/bootstrap@

This will pull in the necessary files.

To update the version that is being used, you must run @git fetch/pull@ in the submodule
directory, then commit the version the submodule is using to the main project. For
more information, see:

"Understanding Git Submodules":http://speirs.org/blog/2009/5/11/understanding-git-submodules.html

h2. MongoDB

This app uses MongoDB. Therefore, you will need to either have it installed locally, or use one of the cloud providers and configure it in your props file. See model.MongoConfig for more info.

h2. Building

This app uses sbt 0.7.7 (due to sbt-closure only working with that version). To build for the first time, run:

@bash\$ sbt
> update
> compile
> container:start@

It will be running on http://localhost:8080

h2. CloudFoundry

To Push to CloudFoundry, you must specify a path so it can find the war:

@vmc update beamstream --path target/scala_2.9.1/@

There is a @cfdeploy@ task defined in sbt that will do this for you. It will only work
after an intial @vmc push@.

h2. After Pre Beta mode

* Delete all documents in user.extsessions
* Send LoginToken to all users that had signed up via email only
* Send link to home page for users that signed up via facebook. They will need to click the connect with facebook button.
